Initial support for Hailo-8L (#12431)
blakeblackshear/frigate: docs/docs/frigate/hardware.md

The inference time of a rk3588 with all 3 cores enabled is typically 25-30 ms for yolo-nas s.

#### Hailo-8l PCIe

> Frigate supports the Hailo-8l M.2 card on any harware but currently it is only tested on the Raspberry pi5 PCIe hat from the AI kit.

Reviewer: It might be nice for users to see a typical inference time here like the other hardware above has.

Author: How do I find that out?

Reviewer: Load the frigate UI and go to the system page

> Frigate supports the Hailo-8l M.2 card on any harware but currently it is only tested on the Raspberry pi5 PCIe hat from the AI kit.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frigate supports the Hailo-8l M.2 card on any hardware but currently it is only tested on the Raspberry pi5 PCIe hat from the AI kit.
```

The inference time of a rk3588 with all 3 cores enabled is typically 25-30 ms for yolo-nas s.

#### Hailo-8l PCIe

Frigate supports the Hailo-8l M.2 card on any hardware but currently it is only tested on the Raspberry Pi5 PCIe hat from the AI kit.

> The inference time for the Hailo-8L chip at time of writing is round 17-21 ms for the SSD MobileNet Version 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The inference time for the Hailo-8L chip at time of writing is around 17-21 ms for the SSD MobileNet Version 1 model.
```
